i18n pipeline fixes; added French Canadian and other languages (#9)
edx/xblock-free-text-response: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Version 1.1.2
* Activates and fix translation tooling with Travis CI checks

> * Pull the latest translations from Transifex (to date: December 11, 2020)

Reviewer: Is it worth pulling translations again, since we're a month+ out?

Author: Doing that now.

```suggestion
* Pull the latest translations from Transifex (to date: January 21, 2021)
```
